Fix STRIPE-816: Use wp_remote_* for Stripe API calls (#5337)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

*** Changelog ***

xxxx-xx-xx - version 10.7.0

> * Fix - Stop Stripe API calls from failing when WordPress URL validation rejects api.stripe.com due to intermittent DNS resolution

Reviewer: I think we should simplify the changelog entry a bit. (Same should apply in `readme.txt`.)
```suggestion
* Fix - Prevent Stripe API calls from failing due to DNS resolution issues
```
